
Privacy Policy for Inacle Client - Mobile App
Date : 01/05/2025

This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications (“Applications”) for mobile devices that was hosted at Mobile App Store in Google Play. The Applications mainly provide report generation Services and intends to provide better individual customer services by the Inacle. The contents, data and reports published on these Applications were provided by the concerned IFAs, through their registered e-mail id. This information provided through these applications may not have any legal sanctity and are for general reference only. However, every effort has been made to provide accurate and reliable information through these applications. Users are advised to verify the correctness of the data published here from the concerned IFA’s. We, Salient Software Solutions, will not be responsible for the accuracy and correctness of the data and reports available in these applications.

User Provided Information:
The Applications may obtain the information you provide, like email Id, Mobile no and PAN No, when you download and register the Application. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by an Application , sometimes due to some unexpected technical reasons.

When you register and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, PAN Number, Mobile Number , user name, password and other registration information; (b) download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide when you contact us for help; (d) Mutual fund investment data from IFAS Web program for use of the service, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and other details.

The information you provided may be used to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information and required notices.

Automatically Collected Information :
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.

When you visit the mobile application, it may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map. The location information may be sent to authorities for taking necessary actions and making policy decisions.

If you do not want the app to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application. However, if the service provided by the Application requires the location services using GPS technology, such services offered by the application will not be available for you.
We may disclose User provided and Automatically Collected Information:

    as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
    when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
    with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User provided data and Automatically collected information for as long as you use the Application. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.

Misuse by Non Targeted Users
All mobile apps are meant for use by the targeted audience only. Misuse by non-targeted users should be prevented by owner of the mobile.

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
<back to top>

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at salientapps@gmail.com
Salient Software Solutions
Vyshnavam, Pallichakkala Road, Eroor South P O
Tripunithura, Ernakulam, Pin Code : 682306
Mob +91 9847040642 